well I am in my apartment right now
joined by doublelift for yet another
interview on this couch and you are
looking a little different than the last
time I saw you
yes indeed I did get a haircut Silvo cut
but a little shorter well it's good to
see you clean up a bit cuz I mean
sometimes you just get a little shaggy
no the last time I interviewed you we
were in Wuhan China
things were looking great people are
like TSO could make semis the crowd was
cheering for you
and then disaster struck and now I'm
sitting next to you if you're wearing a
team liquid Jersey so could you could
you baby I know you did a little bit of
this conversation in the team liquid
announcement video that's what I hear I
was in there for the filming of it but
can you want to talk to me a little bit
about like what everything that happened
since that last interview to this one
yeah everything crashed and burned
pretty hard and then we were all really
depressed for like two weeks I think
that was probably the most pure silence
I've ever been in a part of for ten
minutes
after the match we sat in our in our
ready room and we no one made a sound
you know it was just I guess see someone
was crying I think a couple was crying
so he could hear that but it was just
pure silence otherwise really like a
striking moment I guess but I really
felt like maybe we were going to
introduce a new jungler and run like a
six on you know seven man roster but I
didn't expect any massive roster changes
now TSM is just two out of the five you
know so it's pretty it's a pretty
drawing change I think analysis is a lot
different now and maybe it's for the
better because at Worlds and I always
seems to disappoint really hard we need
more competitive teams and immortals
made worlds that year but they I mean
they also the bed pretty hard too
so I think being on Team Liquid taking
good parts a lot of good things that
were working it was a really good choice
so you get this roster together and I
want to be part of it too
so when
all this news hit and I had to make a
decision on team and I would play on it
was just obvious to me that Team Liquid
was that one yeah I mean that is it is
very strange I think for a lot of fans
who are watching this because last year
and no offense to Jersey you're wearing
but I think Team Liquid became kind of a
joke for a lot of people with the
performance that they had and sort of
the the constant like trying to bring
people and you had to show up but save
them at one point in time and so for you
to go from the best team that we saw
last year to Team Liquid I'm sure
that'll be surprising to some people
what has changed with our organization
that has given you so much faith in them
all right yeah so I already had a chance
to talk about this a little bit but I
did a pretty bad job I think for me the
reason why Team Liquid is criticized a
lot and becomes a joke is because they
put a lot of money into their team with
bad results they're consistent at the
bottom of the league in the last two
years and they're always you know facing
relegation even though they do crazy
roster changes and there's all these
musings about like gold and glue and
stuff how he's like golden god and or
he's just boosted like it's just it
feels like Team Liquid is just kind of a
spectacle but not like a team that you
can like really that you could
previously really get behind and be like
yeah this team is good and I want to
support them because they're good and
what they're doing is they're they're
focused on winning so now I think this
is very good allocation of the resources
they're taking a lot of players that
have a track record of success and I
mean like even just looking at me smithy
and PO belts here we were the first
iteration of CLG to win anything and CLG
is one of the you know the og teams that
everyone cheers for and that was season
5 3/5 of season 5 CLG and you know I've
won three out of the last four splits
that I participated in the ones but I
didn't win I got second place so I feel
like not only is this team have like a
very good track record of players that
make rolls players that win na but the
roster itself just makes a lot of sense
you have a lot of raw skill mechanically
but you also have like the leadership
and and strategy behind that
it's not just a bunch of brain-dead
players who were really good at hitting
skillshots and dodging stuff like it's
it is actually really good all-around
players with good attitudes so anyways
overall I think this team liquid is a
lot different than any past iterations
of Team Liquid it's gonna be hard to get
the fans to like understand that you
know because the Team Liquid was a joke
for two years is a long time in eSports
so I'm just gonna do everything I can to
change that I guess the first thing is
is just winning no one can meme a winner
I mean TSM but anyways in na at least if
you win the fans love you if you lose
the fans cheating on you yeah well
hopefully hopefully you guys win for
your sake then now obviously that the
players are here but was there anything
attractive about any of the New York
teams because again like while maybe
Team Liquid has the roster a lot of
people are gonna say like oh he could
have gone and done stuff with the
Warriors team or the Cavs team or
whoever you know become part of the
green wall I guess I'm still trying to
figure out I've been trying to figure
that out too
it's what optic faint like optic calls
their fans the green wall I think or
something along those lines okay that's
pretty true but I it's gotta cool to you
that is that our producer okay he's
shaking his hand he doesn't know either
so alright well so why do I choose Team
Liquid my answer is gonna be consistent
throughout all interviews it's honestly
if I cared about the money I would just
turn to streaming and I was a really
successful streamer and I liked it a
decent amount really I would not be
happy on a team that is and would
reflect badly on me personally like I've
been the best ad carry and na for a
really long time five six years I'm like
that it's important to me that I keep
that legacy going and part of that is
just being on the winning team so why
did I choose team look good because I
think this team is easily capable of
winning na and capable of doing things
that other at Worlds that other any
teams have never done like make it out
of groups past two quarters possible
into the top four winning worlds that's
a pipe dream that I want to you know I
always think about but it's
first step is for me making it out of
groups and maybe winning that
quarterfinals match but yeah it's it's
really just about the fact that this
roster is pretty sick and I'm really
excited to see what I can do anything
about the organization or is it really
just the roster for you oh right like
other than the roster sorry didn't mean
to downplay the org but like it's really
just the roster if any team had this
roster that's alright would be Team
Liquid they got it so they get me you
know yeah I know the I think you know on
top of that the resources that Team
Liquid gives to the players it's huge
it's honestly it's become like a joke
too because they give so many resources
but but whatever I'm trying to
understand when you say resources is
that code for dollars like they give so
many dollars you know the services that
they give you know the crazy facility
like all of the the day-to-day like they
have a living cook things like that that
other teams don't provide especially the
ridiculously good-looking facility I
think you know these are things that
make your day-to-day life a lot easier
and a little bit more professional so
yeah I get behind that I mean I think
the new teams that they're coming in
with a lot of inexperience and they're
trying to hire the right people but I
don't want to be there when like a new
team tries to get their together
has like a pretty shoddy roster that was
like made on a budget and and doesn't
really know how to make a successful
team like I want to go into a team where
I know like everything's already set in
place I can go in I can help create the
culture hard work like you can be the
best player in the world but if you
don't work hard you're gonna you're
gonna lose and you know I can come in
and make a big impact because a lot of
those basic things already set in and
then you know we'll move on from from
the Sun Cellular the last question I
kind of have in terms of you know white
why Team Liquid was why not CLG because
you definitely memed a lot about CLG on
Twitter and I'm sure there are a lot of
CLG fans that are like oh he's coming
back I don't want to play the oh my god
he's pretty bad and does that confirm
that he's gonna be on their team I don't
know honestly I don't think my I don't
think it's been only two years since
I've been on CLG maybe two years is long
enough but I
really considered it to be honest I
think still Gees in a good place for
what their goals are I think six is
pretty good I wouldn't I wouldn't be
like yeah I'm going to places kid like
it's pretty good
he said good you said bad years but why
not seal gee dude I don't know the
rush-hour meme is real but I don't know
if me and afro together would if you
look at if you look like then we were so
far ahead of every other ball you if we
played right now at that same skill
level that we were at previously it
would not be so easy
okay all right so so far we've got oh
the air conditioning just turned it's
it's getting cool in here so so far
we've got you saying what's what's a
liquid cool so far we've got you saying
what's the green wall so you've pissed
off the optic fans then you said you
kind of just steal G just now so let's
talk about TSM so you have now been
rejected from TSM essentially any hard
feelings they're uh yeah honestly a
little you know I'm I was I was not
really expecting to get replaced so it
feels shitty you know like being
rejected like that for for pretty much
anything you know if it's like a
relationship a job like I don't know
like a tinder so for something like
everything just feels bad when you get
rejected are there hard feelings I will
always respect Andy the most out of any
my past donors I mean I've only had like
three epic gamer steel G and TSM we're
on you were on Team Liquid for about
four weeks yeah yeah what I was on Team
look good for four weeks that didn't
count but I think Andy is an incredible
person he's honestly like he puts this
hard-ass mentality on people and he
really does work his players hard and
and he's tough on them but he really
really cares about his players like he
went above and beyond what he needed to
do for me and always respect him for
that because it was pretty much a no
benefit for him he just is a great
friend and yeah I love Andy as for the
rest of TSM
I'm planning on just destroying them
this whole year
I hope Team Liquid can have a perfect
record against TSM on them in the
finals if they make it there
I want to absolutely demolished ESM's
legacy and make sure that they regret
that decision
well that's bold okay so it sounds like
I was gonna ask you is it gonna be more
of a team liquid CLG rivalry cuz now
there's three players on Team Liquid
that were all removed from CLG or is it
going to be more of a team like with TSM
rivalry because you just have a burning
hate and passion for that team but it
sounds like the TSM thing yeah I I mean
I'm not a part of TSM anymore so what is
there other than to see them as a
competitor I love Andy but I'm planning
on beating TSM every chance I get
and last time I was on Team Liquid I
made that happen for those in that one
week we played them last time I was on
CLG with 3/5 roster we threw out them in
the finals in like a huge upset it's one
of like the highest voted reddit comment
reddit threads on are such people edges
of all time yeah I mean I think I love
beating TSM when I'm not on TSM I just
love winning and I think TSM is the most
formidable opponent this year and every
year so yeah just gotta get to work any
other formidable opponents based on
obviously there's rumors flying all over
the place but is there anything that's
kind of scary to you literally just
seventy nine all the other teams like I
said are gonna be pretty good okay so
it's it's literally just down with those
guys yeah I guess don't have too much
faith in seal G and so memes yeah the
other teams mmm who knows man like like
this last split for example Dignitas and
NV seemed pretty strong I mean and we
had really bad placement but they seemed
pretty good twas then Dignitas ended up
being a really strong contender for
playoffs those teams are gone yeah yeah
I'm saying I'm saying this year teams
that weren't expected to do well ended
up doing really well and who knows what
will happen this year
maybe one of the Newseum will sign a
roster that makes a lot of sense
with like strong Korean talent or
imported talent but any team that is
really invested in domestic talent is
not gonna probably do very well the
first year I think there's just not
enough good any players and if you're
you know watching my stream you'll you
can see that there's not a lot of good
players out there in Seoul akia yeah I
mean don't you think those people are
kind of clowning around that's not your
your stream maybe not it's not
representative of the skill set of North
American players I don't know I mean I
play Korean soloqueue and maybe maybe it
is a mentality thing but no one really
there's not a lot of clowning around
like it's it feels almost like a scrim
when I play Korean solo with you so
that's why it's it's much easier to
import content that speaks ok English or
is willing to learn than it is to in the
short term it's easier to do that than
to try to raise homegrown talent but
it's really hard for these new teams to
make a lot of fans when they don't
invest in their own region you know they
come in they have these new Koreans no
one's ever heard of our imported players
it's it's a huge hit to you their
popularity so it's definitely a balance
of like performance and popularity I'm
not super worried I think na
historically has always had like 3 maybe
4 good teams max all right very good is
there anything that you're gonna do
before LCS starts so anything playing
with Team Liquid or anything no actually
I don't think we have any plans in the
offseason all five players on Team
Liquid will have probably probably all 5
players will have done Worlds this year
so our offseason is significantly
shorter than most any players and I
think as a result that Team Liquid is a
little bit more lenient about the
offseason you know there's ended in like
I think their season might have been
didn't like after the
promotion/relegation in September but
you know ours was like a month month and
a half later so we'll see how it goes
but I think we're generally like very
stressed out from this year all of us
and we want to come into the next year
really hungry to succeed all right so
now is the chance for you to just shout
out to your fans or to talk to the fans
and I assume that double if there's
gonna be a lot of conflicted fans
right because you have you had fans on
CLG who probably left you whenever you
went to TSM because they hate TSM you
have fans that you gain on TSM or the
TSM fans and now here you are talking
about how you want to send TSM into a
brutal pit of agony and despair for the
rest of eternity and then you've got a
couple Team Liquid fans that are like
can I stick my head out yet so what is
there anything that you want to say to
any of the fans out there yeah I think
kind of like what you said when I was on
CLG I was a really really large
percentage of the player of the fans on
CLG and then I moved to TSM and TSM
already had a crazy amount of fans so I
feel like I almost leveled up there in
terms of just like the pool that I was a
part of but you know Tomoko doesn't have
as many fans as TSM they're the most
popular team so I expected like a really
big on negative reaction kind of to me
being on Team Liquid and it's it's
something that my fans I'm gonna I'm
gonna try to work with them and make
sure that um you guys are happy and that
the transition doesn't seem so weird but
yeah it's it's rough you know like it's
rough anytime a player moves teams
because the fans who feel really
conflicted they attached to the team I
was on GOG for like four years five
years I was on TSM for two years and
those things become like inextricably
bound together so you know I just hope
there's no hard feelings between being
the TSM fans I really want to win and a
part of that is destroying TSM so I
don't know how you guys are gonna be
able to to deal with that but I really
appreciate all the fans that stuck with
me through all my transitions and
continue to stay with me and yeah that's
a really big motivating factor for me
yeah you mentioned you're gonna work to
make sure that your fans can like
transition over or whatever to this and
and help them figure out how to manage
this you're gonna give them like
brochures that are like so your favorite
ad carry's Joe dig Team Liquid what next
I mean what does that transition work
look like well you know a lot of the
players on Team Liquid their
personalities don't really get showcased
too much
the past like a lot of them are quiet
people you know like piglet was really
quiet Matt was a little soft-spoken it
was quiet I feel like I saw videos of
him chasing joke around with a knife
okay yeah yeah so like that was probably
what he was really like no I'm just
kidding even now you know like
or sorry in Poe Beltre they actually
they have got a decent number of fans
recently I don't know we'll see I think
this roster really just it is like a
total rebirth of T of Team Liquid and
all the previous like negative comments
and criticisms they don't really hold
any weight anymore because it's such a
different roster
I just want my fans to support a team
that gets along has having fun working
hard and and I guess just like makes
makes the fans happy makes the fans
proud any final words mm-hmm no that's
about it just thanks to all my fans
check out my youtube check out team look
with YouTube we're gonna making a lot of
content and yeah thanks for doing this
interview did you know by the way so
they have a patreon now oh go away Jose
you can check out the rest of my
coverage right here on my youtube
channel you just sub to it and you can
also check out my patreon support and
everything down and the bottom because
I'm unemployed that's why we're shooting
this in my apartment and if you would
like to see my interviews with double F
next year and not having me get acquired
by somewhat crazy team or something
please feel free to support me there
thanks for the interview doublelift
excited to see what the next nothing
shocks me anymore you know like it just
makes sense that this is what's
happening to you could check out the
rest of my coverage right here on my
youtube channel